README.md, before:

# Mywebsite

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.1.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## On main branch different line for conflict.
##Creating a conflict by adding this line.


Added comment from feature-z branch
Added comment from feature-y branch
Added a comment from feature-x branch

Commit message:

added information about the  build script

README.md, after:

# Mywebsite

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.1.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## Only on Merge to Master branch automated script will get executed which will:
 
 1. Install the dependencies npm install
 2. Unit Test the application using: ng test
 3. Build the application using: ng build


## On main branch different line for conflict.
##Creating a conflict by adding this line.


Added comment from feature-z branch
Added comment from feature-y branch
Added a comment from feature-x branch
